it Octus it
I wonder how could some careless 1.21
jigowatts Tom how am I gonna generate
that kind of power it can't be done all
we need is Tony oh I'm sure that a 1985
to Tony was available in every corner
drugstore but in 1955 it's a little hard
to come by
Marty I'm sorry but I'm afraid you're
stuck here oh gosh stuck here I can't I
can't be stuck here I got a wife in 1985
I got a girl is she pretty she's
beautiful
it's crazy about me goodness look what
you wrote here doc I mean that says it
all
doc my only hope Marty I'm sorry but the
only power source capable of generating
1.21 gigawatts of electricity is a bolt
of lightning what do you say a bolt of
lightning
unfortunately you never know winter
where it's never gonna strike
[Music]
we do now
this is it this is the answer it says
here that both of ideas going to strike
the Clocktower precisely 10:04 p.m. next
Saturday night if we could somehow
harness this light share it into the
flux capacitor some sprite work
next Saturday nights we're sending you
back to the future
[Music]